c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXSplashScreen\SplashScreenView1.baml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXSplashScreen\SplashScreenView1.g.cs
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\wang9\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.application
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.application
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.application
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXSplashScreen\SplashScreenView1.baml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXSplashScreen\SplashScreenView1.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.application
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Desktop\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.application
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Scheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.Spreadsheet.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXSplashScreen\SplashScreenView1.baml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXSplashScreen\SplashScreenView1.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\wang9\Documents\GitHub\CSharp-Project1\WpfApplication2\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.application
